(Rooster crows)
(Crowing)
what the hell is that?
(keeps crowing)
what the hell is that? is that you?
urghhh
you are really not a morning person
just back off!
get up! get up! get up!
what is that noise?
you!
it's the chick... she's going through some
changes
what kind of changes?
well.. the vet seems to think that she's..
becoming a rooster
we're getting a second opinion
hey
hey what are you doing shopping at 8 in the morning?
well I've been up since 6 thanks to somebody's
dumbass rooster
you guys you really should get rid of those
animals
they shouldn't be living in an apartment
yeah especially not with all these knives and cookbooks around
alright I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor
and.. see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's
embryo transferred into my uterus
Now, how will they know if you're ready?
oh they're just gonna look and see if my endometrial
layer is thick.
oh I can uh check that for you
okay everyone, think thick
good bye good luck
hey
hey wish me luck
oh, good luck
good luck! and I'm still right
- ugh! so not true
what?
she's mad because I know today's her laundry day
and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants
(laughs)
I can check that for ya'
I just can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
well, w-we do
you can only eat tic tacs in even numbers
yeah what's that about?!
and you, Ross, I believe if you'll check Rachel's
bag you'll find a half eaten box of cookies
in there
You're good!
These are not!
so not impressed! everybody snacks when they shop
oh yeah?
Ross! how many items left in that bag?
Five.
Okay, Ten bucks says that we can name every
item in that bag.
How many guesses do you get?
Six
Challenge extended
Deal!
challenge accepted
all right, we'll start with...
apples
we'll be starting with apples
stop that now
yes
okay, uh, tortilla chips, yogurt..
diet soda...
yes, yes... yes.
orange juice
no! there's no orange juice in there! we win!
they have another guess.
okay, well, we won that one..
okay, the last thing is...
ohh, ohh! ohh! ohh, ohh!
(whispering)
no, no, not for like another two weeks
(laughs)
I got it!
scotch...
tape.
how did you know she would buy scotch tape?
well, we used up theirs last night making
scary faces
oh, man!
all right, ten bucks.
fork it over.
cough it up.
pay the piper.
give me it.
that does not mean you know us better
I want a rematch
yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions
real personal questions
yeah, and the winner gets a hundred bucks!
serious?
are you scared?
(fearfully) no...
okay, who makes up the questions?
Ross'll do it
Oh, sure, Ross'll do it.
It's not like he has a job or a child or a
life of his own.
well, fine, we'll ask phoebe
No, no, no, no I wanna play